

That Package contains the Consolidated Catalina PBY6 model which was converted to be a 
Firefighting aircraft
With FlightGear Simulator you can  use it with 

--aircraft=Catalina 
which works with FG 0.9.11 version or cvs built  with Plib only or cvs built with Openscengraph.

--aircraft=Catalina-OSG 
which works only with FG cvs built with Openscengraph. and osgview option




Could you notice, that  model is under construction, the 2D Panel is temporary, it will be replaced by a panel 3D



TODO

-Cockipt equipement
-More externals details  and animationson the fuse and engines 
-Texture improvement
-Variant textures
-FDM to be improved




HOW TO START THE AIRCRAFT

The model start with the engines stopped.

 the how to start is explained  on the GUI "Menu/Help/Aircraft Help"
 
 
 
 MOORING
 
 It is a Seaplane, so i have included the  mooring feature which is part of the  wonderful model  seaplane Boeing314
 
To start from an airport which has a close mooring place, situate the Seaplane  automatically on that place, with landing gear UP and Floats DOWN.
 
 For exemple KSFO which has a mooring place on the San Fransisco Bay near Bay Bridge.
 Or LFML (Marseilles Marignane) has a mooring place on the Etang de Berre.
 
 The Cables which hold the aircraft in place, are simulated, with the "Brake Parking" feature
 
 
 WATER-BOMBING
 
 The bombing effect is only done with our standard submodels, which works with 
FG osg and FG plib.

You want AIModels being activated with the fgfs option  --enable-ai-models




Water loading operation.

The best process  is to get in touch, gliding on the water, at 100 kts with half 
throttle and the elevator  pushed to keep the nose on the water
You want, during loading, to increase to full throttle and, to pull the 
elevator, in order, to raise the nose, and to reduce the coming drag, the aircraft 
is getting more and more weight and the speed decrease to 70 kts. (during the 
loading period you must see the wakes, which is significant that you are in 
touch).
When the water tank (/consumables/fuel/tank[3] is fully loaded (1083 gal_us) 
the Aircraft has some difficulties  to get altitude, be prepared to it.

Anyhow, in order to give that feature easier , i have included a switch which 
accept to bomb with at least 500 gal_us of water (you have it).
 